I conducted a performance analysis for the Ace supermarket sales trend and the customer’s performance from January to march. This analysis provides a comprehensive insights for the first three months of 2024. With the use of Microsoft Excel I was able to analyze the data and make analytical report. This analysis is intended to assist the management in making informed decisions that will help improve the sales and the customers performance for the rest of the year and the coming years.
Key insights ;
Total sum of revenue $322,966.75
The data covers the first three months the year, January to March 
January has the best sales with a total sum of $116,291.
March with a sum of $109,455.
February with the sum of $97,219.
Female gender are more consumer than the male gender
The member customer patronized more than the normal customer type.
The most purchased goods is food and beverages 
The company paid a sum of 15,379.37 as tax between January and March 
Observation and recommendation
According to the analysis, there are some observation to take note.
the data covers the first three months the year and it can be derive from the data that January has the best sales with a total of $116,291, followed by march with a sum of $109,455 and lastly february with the sum of $97,219.
Also the analysis further show that the female gender are more consumer than the male gender, and also the member customer  patronised than the normal customer type.
Further more, the most purchased goods is food and beverages followed by sport & and travel followed by electronic accessories and more 
in conclusion, the company realised a sum of $322,966.75 between January and march. And the company paid a sum of 15,379.37 as tax between January and march 
However, I will recommend that the company need to look into the sales flow from January to march and critically examine the reason for inconsistency in the sales flow. They can consider advertisement, bonuses or discount inclusion. 
Also the company need to be very sure they still meet up with the customers demand always, they need to be sure and understand perfectly well the demands of the customers.
The company need to look deep into why they have more female customers than male customers, and know the goods the female customers buys the most and also the goods the male customers buys. this also apply to the customer type, that is they need to know what drives the member customer.
Lastly the company can consider a kind of staff rotation between their staffs working in different branches to create a good uniform customer service and also pay alot of attention on their customer service. 

